Dare to pretend to be the eldest young master of the Wan family,
I take it you were beaten by a blazing explosive?
What are you doing?
If I remember correctly,
You are from Kumano Craftsmanship, how can you be with a trader who pays too much?
Did you say that you were the trade partner?
Am I wrong?
The young master of the Wan family is Wan Tie. Do you think I am blind?
And today’s foreign business conference is his master,
Do I know Master Wan Tie?
Can you tell me that I didn't tell you?
Because I’m the only one who can do it, I can’t control that much,
I'll give you three seconds and disappear immediately.
Otherwise, don't blame me for being rude.
Foreign counties are Xiong Ye’s expensive bet
My current task is
The whole circle protects other counties and is a male group
If anyone wants to touch him
You can't step out of me first
Don't listen to them, don't talk about them
They're just a couple, and what about him?
It’s the living expenses of the bottom class of society.
between them
If you have a shady personal relationship, you must
The one who started from you
I've heard about that before
Xiong Ye's business is getting bigger
Unexpectedly, Jie Shaofang burst into tears
I don’t know the specifics
But other counties are powerless against other counties.
The industry just asked me to come forward to protect him
Just mentioned
Forever for a boy with the name of the Ministry
He actually arranged a counterfeit team with Beijing
What a good-natured person
OK, let’s talk about the name of the calendar department.